AUTHORITY TO TRAMPLE

All right let's go into our message for the month. You know, no matter what happens, we'll stay on course

because God has a plan for every month.

I want to make sure that we remain unfocused. This month we are dealing with I reign over demons.

You know those that are afraid of demons are not saying amen.

I said I reign over demons. Oh. And we'll be looking at authority to trample.

Authority to trample. And this authority is not to trample your brothers and sisters.

Cuz some people the only people they like to trample is human beings. It's authority to trample over demons.

Amen.

So that's what we'll be looking at. Psalm 91 from verse one. from verse 9. Sorry, Psalm 91 from verse 9. This is a popular psalm and I want you to just take notice of a few things here. It says, "Because thou hast made the Lord, which is my refuge, even the most high thy habitation, there shall no evil befall thee, neither shall any plague come nigh thy dwelling. For he shall give his angels charge over thee to keep thee in all thy ways. They shall be thee up in their hands, lest thou dash thy foot against a stone. Verse 13, my focus. Thou shalt tread on the lion another The young lion and the dragon shall thou trample on their feet.

So look at that. You should you tread on and you also trample on Luke 10 verse 17 to 21. These are the key passages that we'll be using. And the 17 returned again with joy saying, "Oh Lord, even the devil Devil beat us anyhow through thy name. Is that what they said? Okay. Even the devils are subject unto us through thy name. And he said unto them, I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven. Behold, I give unto you power to tread. on serpents and scorpions and over all the power of the enemy.

Can someone say all the power of the enemy?

Jesus was not missing words here. He said over all the powers of the enemy and nothing shall by any means hurt you.

Notwithstanding in this rejoice not. that the spirits are subject unto you, but rather rejoice because your names are written in heaven. What does it mean to tread and to trample? Because we see those two words used interchangeably. Psalm 91:30, you don't need to go there, but in the we just read it in the new English translation. You can put just the King James there, but I'll do the New English translation. Psalm 91:E3. It says, "You will subdue." So that word that is used thread is interpreted subdue. You will subdue a lion and a snake. You will trample under foot a young lion and a serpent. The the contemporary English version said you will overpower. So we have subdue and overpower.

You overpower the strongest lions and the most deadly snakes. That's the interpretation. So tread to tread upon means subdue. That means there's something that doesn't want to submit. But because you have enough power, you make that thing submit to you.

Like some of our parents are trying to subdue their children. You know the some of the children need subduing. So the parents are exercising authority to thread over their children. But subduing means the the authority And dominion God has given to men to sub to that mean trample means authority to subdue. In Genesis, God said, "Let them have dominion." And also one of the things he said, he said, "Let them subdue the earth." One of the the things the blessing that God gave man, God blessed them and said, "Be fruitful and multiply and have dominion over the earth." He told he told them to replenish and to subdue it. So that word doing is overpowering something. That means that thing is trying to go out of line but you have sufficient power to bring it to order. God has given the believer the authority to subdue devils.

Amen.

Authority to subdue devils. Some people is devils that subdue them. And sometimes some part of our lives Satan still try to to shake himself there. But God wants us to have enough authority to put him under foot.

Amen. So the authority to subdue has been given to the believer. And that's one thing I want to help us understand in today's message. But this whole month we'll be discussing about our victory over demons. Whether you like it or not, whether you want to hear their name or not, they are there.

You don't overcome them by ignoring them.

No amount of ignoring of devils who make their influence over your life ignored. The Bible says we are not unawares of the devices of the enemy. So we should not be unawares. Those that are unawares are those when they have challenges they are fighting human beings. They don't know who we are fighting. Some people would have loved me to put over there I read over my human enemies. Miss be sincere. How many of you would have loved that? You see, some people are not saying the truth. Whenever you fight human beings, you are fighting the wrong battle. Whatever is happening through a human being is just the fruit. You are not touching the source of the fruit. The main thing that causes people to do what they do is what we are dealing with.

So why will you keep dealing with just the fruits every day the fruits you want to kill all the people but the demons that are causing it as soon as you kill the first one it will jump into another person causing the same problem from another angle. So why not address the demon and rescue the friend or the brother that that is using very very important let's take note of that the enemies that we fight are these disembodied spirits. Disembodied spirits. They are real and they outnumber us. When they get one person and there is enough opportunity, they as much as possible they will come in up to 2,000 plus in one person. So this is the serious stuff. They crave the human body. So we have to know how to deal with these forces. So whether you like it or not, you are in a battle.

Some people are in this life of fun fair. It's all about having a good time and chilling. When when you go where they are shooting guns, do you go there and be sapping iced tea? But people want to walk through this whole life and never realize that we are fighting a serious battle. Life is not games and fun. Life is a warfare and it's very serious to fight someone you cannot see. That's a very serious battle. Someone you cannot see but you have to fight him. It's a serious stuff. So it's not it's not something for jokes. So take note of this. Now what are the we're going to be going through a lot in the the month. But from these passages we read, we see the faces of the enemy that we fight, that we deal with. If you want to understand the whole realm of the satanic kingdom, you you study the head of that kingdom, the one seated at the the helm of affairs, he has all the DNA of the spirits under him. So every operation of demons will be categorized into these images that God has given us to help us understand. So the in Psalm 91 verse3, let's go back there. Psalm 91:13, thou shalt tread upon the lion and other and the young lion and the dragon shalt thou trample on their feet. So from this passage, we have the lion, we have the other, that's a a cobra, a snake, then we have the dragon. So it's very very young lion is a lion at this where you know that you have a young man that means at that time is the peak of your strength. So a young lion it means this is the strongest the time it has the strongest energy that's when they call him a young lion. So the enemy is seen as the lion. Sometimes people say the enemy goes around as a rolling lion is not a lion but goes around as a roaring lion. The Bible said he's a lion. He said you will tread upon the lion. That's why Jesus, they had to define Jesus's lion. This thing with the tribe of Judah, the lion of the tribe of Judah, because there are other lions of other tribes. But it's only the lion of the tribe of Judah that has prevailed.

Amen.

And that's Jesus Christ. Can somebody say amen?

Amen.

So very very important. Take note of that. He said, "You will tread upon the lion and the other, the young lion and the dragon." So, we have Satan seen as a lion, a snake, that's a cobra, and the dragon. Luke chapter 10 verse 19. Luke 10:19, very fast, very fast. Luke 10:19, it says, "Behold, I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions. So take note of another image that is used to represent Satan. I want you to pay attention because this is so important. Satan will do everything to distract your mind because he doesn't want you to fight him. The the Bible called the adversary here serpent and scorpion. Thou shalt thread the serpent and the scorpion. So these are all dangerous animals that is used here. Dangerous one. I don't think any of you would like to have these animals in your house except some of those people I've seen today that will carry snake. They want to show they are powerful. They'll put snake around their neck. But most of the time that snake they maybe they they've ruptured all the teeth or make sure the venom is out whatever. But we we are not Especially the women because God put enmity between the serpent and the women in Genesis. You see a woman will see snake on the TV. I've seen some of our they don't even want to see it. But these are used to represent the enemies. Serpents and scorpions. So we have the lion, then we have the snake, that's serpent, and we have the dragon. Three things that are used to represent the power of the enemy. So the first two, the lion and the dragon that I'm going to mention those two now. They represent the destructive power of Satan. The destructive powers of Satan is represented by these two, the lion and the other. The the lion and the dragon, sorry. When you read in Revelation 12 from verse one, Revelation 12 from verse one, it said, "And there appeared a great wonder in heaven, a woman clothed with the sun and the moon under her feet, and upon her head the crown of 12 stars." This represents Israel. Verse two, it says, "And there, and she being with a child cried, travailing in birth, and pain to be delivered. And there appeared another wonder in heaven. And behold, a great red dragon having seven heads and 10 horns and seven crowns upon his head. And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven. That's how serious this dragon is. A third of the stars. And the stars that represent angels and this dragon was able to to have dominion over onethird of the stars of heaven. So we don't have to take him for granted. And look at what it says here. And so he drew the stars of heaven and cast them to the earth. And the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered for to devour Take note of that. That's the point I want you to see. The dragon was there to devour to divor. This is eat it up so that you don't even see the trace of the person. That's how destructive this one is. It says to divore a child as soon as it was born. Many battles we are facing is from before you were born. As soon as you are coming out of the womb. That's why whenever we come out, we are crying. If you don't cry, know you have not entered the world yet. You have to cry every oh you have given birth to a bouncing baby girl or boy. It has to cry. If it doesn't cry we are in trouble. Some some of them if they don't cry they have to lift up your two legs face you side and flog your boottos. While you are still coming out they want to make sure you cry. So when Jesus was being born the Bible said the dragon was right there. waiting to divorce the child. So that's serious. So even Jesus Christ, Satan was there ready to divor you think your life nobody is fighting you. Yes. So this is very very important. The dragon was there as a devor to devour. So that's the destructive power of Satan. He's a destroyer. Satan is not your friend. Satan is not your friend. Some of us think he's their friend. That's why some people want to go to the priest to solve their problem. That means I prayed and prayed and prayed. God would have if God wanted to listen, he would have listened long time. Let's go somewhere. Somebody said there's somebody that they know somewhere and you are going into this this dragon to help you. Picture in your mind that you have a a lion. You are you are facing a goat's problem and now you are going to a lion to solve your what? Your problem. You know you are not going to come back safe. But that's what we do whenever we go to Satan to help us. We say we are tired of God. This God God takes too long. God takes so long. So you now put into Satan's hand. He's a dragon. Or can someone tell your neighbor your adversary is a dragon?

It's like you don't know. Tell it again. Your adversary is a dragon.

So this is not your uncle in the village. This one is more terrible than that uncle in the village. This is a dragon. Very ferocious one. Now the Bible also st said that Satan is a lion. But in this passage, he called him uh this is the one we quote in first Peter 5:8. Look at what a lion does. Be sober. Be vigilant. Be sober. Be vigilant. That's the meaning of be sober. Don't get high till you don't know what is happening around you. Be sober. Be vigilant because adversary, the devil, as a roaring lion walketh about seeking whom to befriend, please. Is that what he said? Seeking whom to do what? Let's say it well. Seeking whom to do what? He's seeking whom he may devour. So he's going around as a rolling lion seeking whom he would devour. So the destructive powers of Satan is seen when the Bible said he's a lion and the dragon that means he's a destroyer but God has given us power to trample upon the lion

power to trample upon the dragon can somebody say amen

the next one he is seen as the ad serpent and this represents the deceptive powers of Deceptive powers. Can someone say destructive powers?

Then deceptive powers. So the serpent is seen here because of his deceptive capac capacity. Genesis 3:1. The first time we see the adversary, he was revealed as a serpent. He says, "Now the serpent was more sharper than any beast of the field which the Lord had made. And he said unto the woman, "Yeah, had God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden." And the woman said unto the serpent, "We may eat of the trees of the fruit of the trees of the garden, but of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden. God had said, Ye shall not eat it of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest you die. And the serpent said unto the woman, "Ye shall not surely die." God said, "You are going to die." The serpent said, "You will not die." And he didn't just say that, but he gave the woman a very good reason why God said, "You should not eat this fruit." And convinced the woman to do what will kill her. So whatever the serpent did here is deception. In 1 Timothy 2, vers 14 you see pet Paul was talking about this incident 1 Timothy 2:14 and he said and Adam was not deceived but the woman being deceived was in the transgression so whatever the serpent was doing there was deception can somebody say amen

but that doesn't mean here the the man he did his own error with his eyes clearly open The woman was deceived to think that this will happen. But the the man and he still went ahead and ate it. So it's very very serious. But the woman was deceived. She thought she was actually going to get what the serpent had promised. So take note of that. So Satan's deceptive powers. Don't think you can joke with it. The Bible says the whole world is is being deceived by Satan. If you have somebody that can deceive the whole world, you better fear that person. Not fear as in you are shaking and no, but you take it seriously. That's what I'm saying. Satan is a master deceiver. He'll be deceiving you to do something that you know for sure this will not arrive at where I'm going, but you'll still go ahead and do it. deception. So this deceiver, we must take it seriously. Now someone will say in Genesis they didn't mention Satan over there cuz some people tried to make a whole lot about that. That is just an allegory. But Revelation 12 verse 9, these are the kind of lessons this whole month you better make sure you have your writing materials because this is the fight you are fighting whether you like it or not. This is the fight you are fighting and if this fight we don't win it's a it's a terrible mistake. We have only one option to win over them. Only one option in life to win. There's no other option. There is only one option. I must win in life no matter what.

That's the only option. Tell yourself with me said this, I must win in life

no matter what.

We have only one way to go and that's the way of winning. So if you are facing a situation and you think you have been defeated, remember you shouldn't remain in defeat because there is only one option in life for the believer. The Bible calls us overcomers.

It didn't call us those that have been defeated. Overcomers, that's your title. That means No matter what happen, you must make sure that title remains on you as an overcomer.

If Satan hits you down, you say, "You are joking. I'm going to rise again." Not they hit you down, you say, "Oh, they've hit me down so much. I'm just tired." God, God, why? Why? Why? You remain there. No. If they hit you down, you get up. They hit you down, you get up because the title of your life is an overcomer.

So, please, we better pay attention because this are the enemies we are fighting. He's a deceiver. Revelation chapter 12:9. And the great dragon was cast out. That old serpent, the Bible called the dragon also that old serpent is the same person called the devil and Satan which deceiveth the whole world. He was cast out into the earth and his angels were cast out. with him. So the serpent is Satan. That's your adversary that you are dealing with. The deceptive powers of Satan. Then he's seen as a scorpion. And this one is the last one here. The his power to inflict pain. Power to inflict pain. The Satan is so wicked. Sometimes he doesn't want to divor you but you will just make sure your life is miserable and painful. That's the that's the nature of devils. If they know they can't devour you, maybe they try to devour you. They say they see that they can't devour you because you have put you have put yourself in a place they can't. Then they try to deceive you and they realize that they can't deceive you because you you know the truth. The next thing they want to inflict pain to make sure your life is miserable. And that's the power of the scorpion. Revelation chapter 9 verse1 he said and the fifth angel sounded and I saw a star fall from heaven unto the earth and to him was given the key of the bottomless pit. So you see the star there is a person. Go back. He said and I saw a star fall from heaven and onto from heaven onto the earth and to him So he's he's dealing with a person. That's why I said to him was given the key of the bottomless pit. And he opened the bottomless pit and there arose a smoke out of the pit as the smoke of a great furnace. And the sun and the air were darkened by the risen of the smoke of the pit. And there came out of the smoke locust upon the earth. And unto them was given power as The scorpions of the earth have power. Take note of that. These locusts were given the power that scorpions have on the earth. And verse four, he said, "And it was commanded them that they should not hurt the grass of the earth, neither any green, neither any tree, but only those men which have not the seal of God in their foreheads." And to them it was given that they should not kill them. Take note of that. They should not kill. Oh, but that they should be tormented five months. And their torment was as the torment of a scorpion when he striketh a man. Look at that. A scorpion. The pain of a scorpion. You've not gotten one before. Don't think it's something. Oh, this scorpion is very small. We are strong men. When it strikes you, Look at that. Is a very terrible pain that shoots through your whole being when a scorpion hits you. He said this the torment that these people were going to face is exactly the type of torment that when a scorpion strikes you, you face. That's the type of torment. So, but look, take note, they were not given the power to kill, but to torment. So, Satan as the scorpion is there to torment. So this is not a good thing. There are people that just unnecessary pain every now and then. Pain here, pain there. You are dealing with a scorpion. A scorpion. These are wicked beings. They hate us with all passion. And don't ask why. Cuz you not like the answer you get. Just know that they hate you. You've never seen hatred before. Demons hate people. They are no good devils. There are no good devils. Cuz some of the devils are very deceptive. I'm just here to help him prosper. I'm here to make things work. And when you are casting out some devils, you see that's what they'll be saying. Some of them there is no they can use nice voice, very nice The Bible says they are scorpions, snakes, lions. So don't mind them all. They want to inflict pain, serious pain. They might have you enjoying now so that they can strike you seriously later. So if the pain is not there, but you are enjoying with the scorpion, remember the pain will come one day. So we must not have anything to do with these scorpions. So Satan is a a lion, a dragon, and a scorpion. That's destructive powers. If God if God didn't protect us, all he wants to do is in one day wipe off everybody. That's the way. Remember the when the protection was taken out of Job a day, everything he didn't wait for two days or a month or three months to even do it in one day. Job will be there. They will just bring news. Ah, your children were eating. 10 of them and a wind came. B the tent fell on them. All of them are gone. As soon as he's talking, another person came say tending your cattle somewhere and these bandics came and took everything. As soon as the other one finished, another one came just like that. That's how wicked Satan is. Now, let's go back to Luke chapter 10. Luke chapter 10 from verse 17 and I'll be selecting out a few of the statements that was made here. We'll highlight those statements in the rest of our in our rest of our message. Luke 10:17 you know Jesus sent out 70 disciples to go out and preach the gospel and to heal the sick to cast out devil and This is their report. They were coming back to report to Jesus and they were coming back with joy and the breaking news. No matter who, whether somebody was raised from the dead, whether somebody was uh healed, that one they didn't think about it. The only thing that they were excited about was this one because this one was so they didn't know any human being can do it. So they came back. Verse 17. And the 70 returned again with joy. God jumping around. Woo! My God. My God is so wonderful. Woohoo. And they were jumping every maybe say, "What has happened? Did somebody give them a a million dollars? Did some What did they do to them?" And when they were coming, look at the breaking news of the day. And the 70 returned against with joy, saying, "Lord, even the devils are subject unto us through thy name. That's a that's a powerful thing that they were happy about. Today we are not excited that devils can submit to us but these people were. So that's the first statement. The devils were subject to us. Not was subject to God. The devils were subject to us. The devils were subject to us. Through thy name That's powerful.

Satan subject to you. So that's very very interesting. This was a breaking news of the day because most of the miracles that had happened under the ministry of Jesus, you can trace some of them in the Old Testament. Is it raising the dead? Is it opening blind eyes? Elisha closed some people's own and opened it. when they came to arrest it say God make them blind. So we are not even talking about just open Elisha closed it and opened it a whole army not just one person a whole army he closed their eyes and they were strolling about didn't know where to go he said follow me let me lead you to the place and he led them right to the king of Israel so there when they got there they were just surrounded and they as kill them now. He said, "No, give them food to eat." And they sat them down. They gave them food. Big banquet. Imagine when they are giving you food. It's like a a man that the the wife caught cheating. And now the wife prepared. He didn't say anything. Just kept quiet. Went into the house. The next morning, prepare nice powerful dinner breakfast for you. If you are correct man, will you eat that breakfast? He didn't she didn't say anything. They caught you red-handed. He didn't say anything. In the morning, they prepare breakfast. I be telling you, darling, darling, your heart will be pumping. Hey, you wouldn't know what to do. So Elisha did the same thing. They gave them food. Then after that, he said they should release the men. That was the end of it. didn't assault them again because of that act of kindness. So the Bible lets us know in the Old Testament several miracles like that happened. Is it multip is it food? Jesus multiplied for 5,000 men. Moses fed the people for 40 years. 40 years mana every morning. The Bible calls the mana the bread of angels. So they were fed 40 years. So every miracle Jesus did. You have a replica, something that is as wonderful. The only one that was new is this particular one of casting out devils. So that's why the disciples came, they were so excited about this one. When you read Mark 1 verse 22, Mark chapter 1 there, there's so much there, but because of our time, let me Go to verse 27. Let's start from 25 so that people will understand it. And Jesus rebuked him that Jesus from verse 25. Sorry. And Jesus rebuked him that Jesus was speaking to a a a demon that was shouting when he was preaching. That demon started making noise. And Jesus rebuked him saying, "Hold thy peace and come out of him." And when the unclean spirit had torn him, and cried with a loud voice. He came out of him and they were all amazed in so much that they questioned among themselves saying what thing is this what new doctrine is this was new what was happening was new that's what I want to point out for and look at what why they said that for with authority commanded he even the unclean spirits and the do obey him. That was the new thing in in the world that a human being will command unclean spirits and obey him. You saw the whole scene there. When Jesus commanded the spirit, he shouted, cried with a loud voice. After he shook the person, fell on the ground and came out. And the people were surprised. A human being can speak to devils like that. That was new in that time. Before time somebody is possessed they will have to go and pray God help us up save us but this is the first time a human being is directly attacking the devil say come out and they came out so that they said this was new doctrine because with authority he commanded evil spirits and they obey him so that was new and verse 28 look at verse 28 this is why Jesus became popular verse 28 and immediately his fame spread abroad throughout all the region round about Galilee. That's a very important one. So when the disciples were coming back, they they may have thought Jesus is special to be able to do this. So when Jesus sent them and they also went and said Satan come out and the same thing happened. They didn't care whether a cripple walked. They didn't care whether any this was the whole thing they were excited about. Hey, I didn't know I was powerful. You know, and they came back with joy. The demons were subject to us. The demons were subject to us. That's all they came back with. And look at the next statement. Go to Luke chapter Luke chapter 10. Let me read the next statement. Luke chapter 10 verse 17 and 18. And the 17 returned again with joy saying Lord even the devils are subject unto us through thy name and look at the next statement that we are looking at. So the first statement I made the devils are subject to us through their name. The second statement and this is Jesus speaking and he said unto them I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven. I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven. The fact that human beings had authority over Satan was a proof that he had fallen.

Amen.

The proof that Satan had fallen was that he was now subject to human beings for the first time. That the devils were subject to us in your name.

And Jesus told them what is happening is that I saw Satan. I beheld Satan. fall as lightning. I beheld Satan fall as lightning. Satan has fallen long time.

Some of us don't know he has fallen. He has fallen long time. Long time. If a human being can cast out devils is a sign that Satan has been defeated. That's why that is possible. That's why that is possible. The Bible said Luke 11 verse 18 Luke 11:18 if Satan be also be if Satan also be divided against himself how shall his kingdom stand but ye say that I cast out devils through Bel it says and if I be if I by cast out devils by whom do the sons your sons cast them out therefore they shall be your judges It says, "But if I with the finger of God, if I with the finger of God cast out devils, no doubt." Can someone say no doubt?

No doubt. The kingdom of God is come upon you.

The proof that the kingdom of God has come. He says with this one, without doubt, maybe healing you might have doubt. Maybe he raising the dead, you might have doubt. He said, "But this particular one gives you no doubt that the kingdom of God is really there." No doubt the king, if I cast out devils by the finger of God, the kingdom of God has come on upon you. And look at that verse 21. When a strong man armed keepeth his place, his goods are in peace. But when a stronger than he shall come upon him and overcome him, he taketh from him all his armor wherein he trusted and divided his spoils. That's what Satan that's what happened to Satan when the kingdom of God came. A stronger than Satan came on the scene. When Jesus arrived, a stronger than Satan came.

That's why he was able to do that. He the stronger kingdom arrived. And when the kingdom of God came, the Bible says first of all, you bind the strong man, then you now take his goods. The proof that you are you are stronger than this that man is that you bound him and take his goods. So Jesus is saying that if I cast out devils, it means no doubt God's kingdom has come. The reason why we able to do it is because Satan, the strong man, has been bound and we are able to deliver his spoils those he has captured and say this one is my own forever. When you are casting out devil that's always this it belongs to me you can never drive me out. You you see these demons these demons very deceptive and if you don't know your authority you say ah it's true what did you do that made you know and that's I say ah you need an act bishop to help you I can't help you no they will always say that but remember The kingdom of God is stronger. And since Jesus came, the kingdom of God has arrived. The proof that the kingdom of God has arrived is that you can cast out devils. And that shows that man that was that one that is shouting, "It belongs to me. You can't take it." He's already bound.

Don't listen to them. If you say it belongs to you, I thank you. It belongs to you, but come out. That's the point. It belongs to you. Yes, I've heard you. But come what? He belongs to you. I've heard you. But do what?

Come on. No negotiation. You don't negotiate with devils. When you cast out devils, that's when you start realize, I didn't know I was powerful, too. If you encounter them, those that have encountered, I don't know how many of you here, but some of you, they cast you out. The demons cast people out. Want to hear You see some of the parents. I remember the first time we were encountering a demon and casting her. My mom, you know, he wanted to push make sure I don't go near. She's strong in the spirit, but you know, there are certain things that she was not acquainted with. Some people want they see somebody manifest, hey, let's leave. Oh, let's leave. Oh, they become very immediately. I don't want this spirit that will come out now to come and find me. God protect me. Protect me. Protect me. Protect me. So there are people demons cast out. But I'm glad you are not that person.

You know those that are those people are not saying amen. I said I'm glad you are not that person. Oh,

so that's why we are teaching this thing. So that the next time you see a demon manifesting, don't look at the person. is manifesting through ah I didn't know that's how you are you will never come close to me again you have already been defeated if you say that because you don't know the difference between a human being and what is happening what you should be doing is Satan come out that's what you should be saying and when they come out you say ah how are you darling not when they come out you say you you roll your eyes you know those people they can roll their eyes Next time when the person come to church, that's what they'll be saying cuz they don't know the difference between a person and another person. If one of your friends was captured by somebody, human being came and captured the person and you are strong and you came and harassed the other person, the one that captured your friend and drove him out, will you start looking at your friend in a different way.

You wouldn't do that. So why do you do that when someone is delivered, it's just the same scene. A different personality came and captured that person. So your focus should be driving that personality out. When you drive it out, you have gotten your brother back.

You love the person, hug the person, do as if that thing never happened.

Very very important. When God gives you the grace to encounter this and you start casting them out, that's when you see that your words are powerful. You say fire every shout you you think you are not powerful. Now one day when you you have you have come up small and your faith is strong enough and you encounter that that's when you see that your words are powerful.

It is a clear visible evidence that the power of God is present. when you are able to cast out the devil. So take note of that. The Bible says what's happening? What's the noise about? Can you can you check the noise for us? It's one of our Okay. One of the young oasious stars. Okay. Colossians chapter 2:15. It says, "And heavens spoiled principalities and powers He made a show of them openly tri triumphing over them in it. Jesus Christ has defeated Satan. Remember I said when a stronger than he cometh. If a strong man is there all his goods are secured. But when a stronger person comes he will bind that one and now take off all the thing that he had. So that's the thing that is happening here. Jesus has defeated Satan. So anytime you are encountering a devil Remember one thing, the strong man has already been bound.

Jesus has defeated the strong man.

If he has not done that, you can never cast out the devil. But Jesus overpowered Satan. And this place showed us clearly even the place you read, Jesus had not gone to the cross. So after the cross, there is so much more grace that is available to deal with these spirits because the Bible says Jesus spoiled principalities and powers and he made a show of them openly is not hidden open show he showed them that they are not powerful he dealt with them face head on so our Lord Jesus has bound the strong man and we should manifest that by having boldness to cast out devils so take note of that casting out devils validates that statement I beheld Satan fall like light ing from heaven. Satan has fallen. The next statement verse Luke chapter 6 chapter 10 verse 19. Luke 10 verse 19. After he said, I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven. He now said, behold. Remember he said I beheld. And he says, now behold, I saw but you now see. because they finished casting out but still they didn't know they have been given some serious power. So Jesus said the this thing that has happened you are jumping the spirits are subject to us. He says behold what has happened I have I give unto you. Jesus is not trying to think of giving you power. He says behold I give unto you power. I give unto you and this power is to tread on serpents and scorpions. So Jesus was telling them, the reason the the serpents are subject to you, the reason the demons are subject to you is because I've given you power to tread on serpents and scorpions

and over all the power of the enemy.

I like that one. Over all the power of the enemy. No matter how they come against you, don't say this one is a big demon. As long as it's from the enemy, you have power over them.

Amen.

You have power over them. I know some of you would like me to say, "Pastor, I have power. Pastor have power." You don't because you want to relegate your duty. Some people that's how they want every day somebody is the one fighting their battles. Pastor, pray for me. Pastor, pray for me. You know, every day, put me in prayer. Put me in prayer. Put me in prayer. Every small thing, put me in prayer. Today, I'm telling you, it's not just pastor. You have power. Those that don't want to have power are not saying amen.

I know. I know our people. They say, "Pastor, you better have the power and deal with these scorpions." They assign pastor faster. Pastor God has called you to watch over our souls. So fast while we go and go and chill. The pastor be fasting for you people. When you look at me, do I look like that kind of pastor? If you are going to chill, I'll go with you. So tell your neighbor, God has given you power.

Tell somebody, speak it out from your mouth. God has given you power.

Yeah. He says, "Behold, see it." You are not seeing it. You are keep looking at your weakness. You keep looking at what you don't have. Jesus said, "Behold, I give you."

Why are you so excited? These demons were subject to you. Don't you know I've given you the power? Behold, I give unto you power to tread. Devils submitting to us is a proof that Jesus has given us the power to tread. and to trample. So take note of that. This power is so it is so the the the the power that God has given to us. There's nothing to compare with it. Ephesians chapter chapter 1 verse 18. Ephesians chapter 1 verse 18. After this we'll make the last statement and we'll be done. The eyes of your understanding. Ephesians 1:18, the eyes of your understanding being enlightened that ye may know what is the hope of his calling and what is the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the sense. The next verse and what is the exceeding greatness of his power to usword who believe. Paul is praying that their eyes will be open because Jesus is telling them behold see to behold me and see why are you so excited demons were subject to you are you not seeing the power I've already given you that's what he's telling them so Paul is praying here that we should the eyes of our understanding will be open so that we may know what the exceeding greatness exceeding that means there is no power to be compared with the power he's given to us that we may know the exceeding greatness of his power to us what not to the apostles to the prophets. That's the only two people some believers know they have power. I was talking to one beautiful lady. Her name is uh I saw at the southwest market and after I was I we finished talking to I said when I was there I said oh let me give her my card. So I went there and gave her my card. I said oh at any time you are free you can come to church. He told me are you a prophet? I said no. I'm a pastor. He said, "No, I need a prophet. I need a prophet because the kind of problems I'm going through, I need someone that can see." So this kind of people, they've made up their mind. The only way they can be helped is somebody has to see a prophet. Because I hope you are not like those kind of people. Amen.

Amen. These are those that relinquish their responsibility. I told you a friend of mine in New York said, "Oh, the kind of things going on in her life, she just want to go and see a psychic." A psychic. You are finished with prophets. You didn't. Now you are going to sidekicks. Don't go there. It's called sidekick. They'll kick you. Please. Is only somebody that eyes has not been opened that will relinquish his duty. Every day somebody has to do it for you. Remember if you a child they can afford to do it for you. But it will get to a time God himself you pray that prayer will not be answered. Don't and do this for me. God will not answer that prayer. You say, "Ah, but before I used to pray and it answered because you were baby then." It's like when you a child mommy I need prayer. Mama will go oh baby go and get bread. They will even dance and get it and give you. You want to go to the bathroom. You know mas know the different crying. Once they say this one then they they will go and change your this thing. Use baby oil do your boots and be singing ah while they clean you up. So that time you see all your prayers for those things they are answering it but you there become like one of the young people here 17 years old and you want to eat bread. Mommy I need bread. I thank God for some of our mothers here. You are not the one now. You shouldn't be praying that kind of. You should be going to get the bread for me.

I'm lying on the bed. You should go and get bread for me. Not mommy, I need bread. You want to go to bathroom. You come and cry again. Now, if a little baby now soil himself here, all of us will not even bother. Oh. Oh. Somebody help take take it to the bathroom. But if somebody like Isaac, this the younger Isaac here, I hope you are not playing on your phone. Okay. The younger Isaac over here. If somebody like him do that here, do you think we will laugh? I say, "Oh, take him. Take him." All of us will frown. Ah, what is wrong with this? Is he sick? What is happening? If we hear you are not sick and you did this, ah, we will report you to your mother. We call Ghana. So, you see that because you are grown, there are certain things when you cry, you will not get the answer. There are certain things you say God come and deliver me. Satan is dealing with me. God will not come because he expects you that now you should take responsibility.

You should say Satan leave the life. You speak to Satan direct. When you a baby you can be telling God, God Satan is chasing me in the dream. He's chasing me in the dream. God, God. Know some people they always chase them in the dream. Always. They are believers like that. They never chase anybody. They they are the ones they always chase. From today you begin to chase people.

If you're a believer like that you begin to chase people.

Not every day cow will be chasing you. You be run. And normally when you are running a dream you don't run fast that day. Let me tell you a simple secret. If you want to run fast when you are sleeping do your leg as if you're about to take off. Maybe that's what you need. When I were younger my brother Isaac always say anytime he does his leg as if he's about to run. When sleeping and he does his leg like that. Whenever they are chasing them, he runs very fast. So you that are unspiritual, maybe I'll give you that at this age, nothing should be chasing you in the dream.

And even if they chase you and you wake up, he say what? Chasing who? There's one one man that he came to one man of God and said, "Men have got Satan on the run." The man of God said, "Oh, glory to God." What happened? He thought He thought he was the one chasing Satan. He said he has gone to stir up the nest of Satan and now they after him. So that's what he meant. But I've got Satan on the run. So they are after him and he's running. That's not the kind of one I want here by the power of God's name.

That power that is not comparable to any other power. He said the exceeding greatness of his power to us what that believe our Eyes need to be open to that power.

If you have it, please take responsibility. Tell your neighbor, take responsibility.

Tell the other person. If you've told one person, tell another person, take responsibility.

Yeah. You have power. You have power. You have power. The last statement and we're done. Anytime I get to last, I'm excited. Or should we reserve this last statement?

Should we reserve it?

Okay, look at the last statement. Luke chapter 10 verse 20. This is just introduction. Next two next week we having a guest speaker. The following four Sundays we're going to be going deeper. If you don't if you know anything, this is the Sundays you don't want to miss because we it's high time believers square up their shoulders and take a stand against these devils.

Lifegate we have to do that

square up your shoulders and realize you have authority. It says notwithstanding after I told him I've given you power and all of that I know you are rejoicing the the reason is because I've given you power to thread upon snakes and scorpions and of all the powers of the enemy and nothing shall by any means hurt you. He now said Not withstanding in this rejoice not. Jesus said don't be excited about that. That's amazing. Why? He says don't be excited that the spirits are subject unto you but rather rejoice that your names are written in heaven.

So Jesus said rejoice. That's the last statement. Rejoice that your names are written in heaven because citizens of heaven. Everybody pay attention to this statement. Citizens of heaven are supposed to naturally reign over devils.

So the reason you are excited, hey, the demons are subject because you don't know naturally as a citizen of heaven, demons should bow to you.

So Jesus told them, don't rejoice that demons are bowing to you. Look at the most important thing to focus on. You are a citizen of heaven. Take note of that. The Bible The Bible said it clearly. John 3:31. He that cometh from above is above all. He that cometh from above is above all. Anyone that comes from above is what? Above all. So if you're a citizen of heaven, you are naturally above devils.

You are seated at the third heaven, far above all devils. So when Satan sub submits himself to you, when you say come out and he leaves a I didn't know why Satan left. God said don't rejoice like that know that this is the natural thing that happens to anyone that comes from above. Satan submits himself to you. So rejoice that your names are written in heaven. How many of us have their names written in heaven here? Let me see your hand though. If you are very if you are very sure. Some people are not sure. People took time because they said that everybody has written their lift their hands. I better lift up my hands. If you're a citizen of America, don't you know you're a citizen?

Okay. If you're a citizen of heaven, lift up your hands. Let me see. If you are not, we can make you one today. Okay. So, with that thing you have said, now say this to yourself. As a citizen of heaven,

as a citizen of heaven,

demons naturally submit to me.

Say it strong. If you don't say strong, sit down and say, "That one doesn't believe." Better say it strong. As a citizen of heaven,

as a citizen of heaven,

demons naturally submit to me.

Demons.

That's it. That's it. That's it. Take note of that. So, this whole month we are going to be dealing with this and God is going to be giving us grace to directly to any oppressive spirit in your life.

We're going to be having time to do those prayers. You have to take responsibility.

If you have gone to pastors, different pastors, and the problem is not going, God is telling you that problem, you are the one to solve it.

You are grown enough to deal with it.

You are the one to address it.

So, you take your you take your your your your knees and get it on the ground and address the issue. yourself.

Amen.

And when you finish, you speak when you finish praying to God, don't stop there. You speak to the devil directly because they need to submit to you.

They didn't say submitting to God. We already know that long time. You don't need to preach that. We know they what we are looking for is them submitting to you.

So you have to address them directly. Cast them out. Command them to stop what they are doing and they will stop. If you believe the message, say amen.

Amen. Put your hands together for the Lord. Amen. Amen.

All right, we are going to take our communion and right after that we'll take our offering and we're done. Can we all be on our feet? Uh, wonderful choir, can you give us just a beautiful song to help us? Deacon. Okay. Oh, the leading people to Christ. Can we all be on our feet? Please be on your feet.

All those from within, can you all come forward? Anyone outside? Come in. Come in. Oh, the blood of Jesus.

If you're at home

and you have the emblems ready, I sent it out that we are having communion today. This is the time to take it together.

If you are a father, make sure you stand as a priest of your home and administer the communion to them. You have a bread over there. You have your drink. Get your cup and serve it to them and take it together.

Oh, the blood of Jesus. Oh, the blood.

Oh, the blood of Jes. Jesus, it washes white as snow.

One more time. Oh, the blood.

Oh, the blood of Jesus.

Oh, the blood of Jesus.

Oh, the blood of Jes. The blood of Jesus.

Oh, the blood of Jesus. It was white as snow.

I want us to take up the first emblem that represents the body. The Bible says that Jesus Christ the night before he was betrayed when he was having the last supper he took the bread and broke it and said this is my body that is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me and it's so important that we acknowledge what Jesus did for us. His body was broken for us. so that we might be made whole, so that we might be healed. Today as we take this, may the efficacy of what he did be manifested in our lives. Father, I bless the bread in Jesus name. Amen. Can we take it together? The Bible says he also took the cup and he said this is the the cup of the new testament in my blood. The new covenant that we have the new dispensation which we are teaching today people having authority over devils is a is part of the new dispensation and it is the blood of Jesus that makes it possible for us to be cleansed and to have the right to partake in this holy ministry. As we take this today, any cleansing that is needed in our lives, may it happen right away. Father, I bless this cup. I pray that forgiveness of sins will be affected in our lives. Oh, God as we acknowledge the shed blood of Jesus. Thank you father in Jesus name. Can we take it together? Thank you Lord. Can you just lift up your hands and give God thanks wherever you are? Give him thanks. Thank him for what his sacrifice has done. Thank him. Thank him. Thank him. Thank Thank you, Father. We magnify your name. We exalt you forever. Thank you for what Jesus did for us to make it possible for us to be partakers of this holy ministry. You deserve all praise and honor. You may be online and you've not accepted Jesus as Lord of your life. And you can be in the room here. You are never too young to accept Jesus. I remember when we were little, I can't really state the specific day that Christ came into my heart because any time they said who will accept Jesus were part of those that rose our hands and came forward. We answered so many altar calls. The only date I have is the date I was filled with the Holy Ghost.

But thank God I was raised in a a Christian home. So I had several opportunities to accept Jesus into my heart. So as a young person, always take this prayer seriously cuz one day maybe you might look back and not realize the exact day it happened but you see that you are in Christ long time

and as you pray these prayers is intended to put you into Christ. As you make that confession you become a citizen of heaven. Just like when the those that have done their citizenship. You go there, the judge say raise your hands. Repeat after me. After that, you're a citizen. That's what we do here. As you make these prayers according to God's word, you become a citizen of heaven.
